hi everybody its Jhelum and Nick Pond
we're back at lemons HQ we have just
returned from MSR Houston and the Gator
Oh Rama
yeah MSR Houston is one of our regular
places we've been going there for years
and the one thing about is the weather
always totally sucks either it's too
cold it's too hot is windy or in the
case of this time it was totally but
pouring rain and cars good off the track
and it was but turn that was super but
terrible however we of course also had a
hell of sweet particularly my favorite
team tetanus neon they did the ode to
Geoff theme in honor of Jeff Glen our
race guy up on the tower and our overall
operations manager Jeff never gets
enough credit so put him on a car why
not house hello sweet you know what else
I thought was Telus wheat that giant 500
SEC mercedes-benz I was like a $400,000
car when it was new I was hella every
time I turned around that thing was
going it was but terrible no no also but
terrible I'm sad to say was the first
ever electric car in lemons now this was
a Datsun Roadster Mercedes Sprinter
batteries electric motor out of a
forklift iPhone telemetry velcro to the
steering wheel was incredible
only problem top speed 11 miles an hour
yeah it was it was but terrible to
balance out that hella sweet a mr2
Toyota nice mid-engine modern car just
chopped that whole thing apart through
the body away tsimko 1000 sedan body on
top that was hella cool and here are the
winners which we don't really hear so so
don't care so the heroic fix for this
was an Opel GT this was the utter puffs
now these guys you should never bring a
novelty because they're terrible cars
they didn't know how to work on it I was
terrible they threw a piston I was
terrible and then Phil talked him into
like putting in a new piston so they did
they figured that out they got it up
there heroic fixed admittedly it blew up
like 10 minutes later and somebody
smashed into him
you know food truck the I got screwed
award went to team apex final in their
Toyota pickup now this was originally a
two car team with the Toyota and some
kind of Pontiac minivan Pontiac blew up
even before the race started they never
made it to the Toyota was running great
and it was gonna totally win Class C
going away until about twenty minutes
from the end they made a pit stop and
the thing wouldn't restart second place
car passed him up like they were
standing still because they were and
that was that they got screwed the
judges choice a word this went to the
Capri xr2 of mostly harmless racing
these guys have graduated up from a
Karmann Ghia so that tells you what you
know where you got to go to make a Capri
a step up they did do a top ten finish
they got one of their team drivers is in
the chase for the championship
Anton love it again so they helped them
out that was your judges choice the
organizers choice well it went to the
electric Dobson a team pulp friction B
and you know it was the first electric
car and lemons we had to give it some
kind of recognition so organizers choice
now the special award for this race was
the flock of seagulls award which went
to the most awesomely early eighties
body kit we've ever seen and this went
to rots and racing and their Datsun 210
ZX now I've got the original ad for the
kit right here and it says the Z X kit
can turn your docile little street car
into a sizzling Super Street charger and
that was totally gonna happen because
this guy put a hot rod and fuel-injected
motor into it it was all ready to go one
problem they had no idea how big it was
being run it but it looked totally
awesome an ATS just sitting there in the
paddock which it did for most of the
weekend so we gave it the flock of
seagulls at work the IOA is the last and
greatest award though at this race we
gave this to the Dodge Coronet of Green
cornet racing they had a big Coronet
they had really stiff Springs they took
a lot of weight out it was ten feet in
the air
it was slow it wouldn't steer but it
kind of ran all weekend long and of
course they put a cornet on the
to go tournament so that's enough io e
right there that does it for the Gator
I'll wrap up so we'll leave you with
lemons in a nutshell